http://esr.ibiblio.org/?feed=rss2
https://noxz.tech/pub/feed.rss
https://peertube.anon-kenkai.com/feeds/videos.atom?videoChannelId=3
------------------
"query:YouTube Subscriptions:tags # \"YouTubeSubscriptions\""
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLEM4vOSCprStXXKWjBO7spTi70ewbXV5S "FIL FAR :: Calm Minds"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgp_adxCQiesfxKYIqIE9yQ "ICARUSLIV3S" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg "DistroTube" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6x7GwJxuoABSosgVXDYtTw "I Like To Make Stuff" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu5jfQcpRLm9xhmlSd5S8xw "Armin Van Buuren" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFzGyNKXPAglNq28qWYTDFA "Kai Hendry" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkf4VIqu3Acnfzuk3kRIFwA "gotbletu" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q "Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-LilqU9p_r0_Dxz_k-IpYQ "アノニマスの見解" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q "The Hated One" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJm2TgUqtK1_NLBrjNQ1P-w "Second Thought" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf93fPKwotph47H3_KDcRyg "Kris Occhipinti" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA "Luke Smith" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6vImVkvofpMUOlYt6LiRXA "Keystone Science" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAldq8BAAGdsX9UyK_09-ZA "Jeff Holiday" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7e57qWIEAZTQAaFwHpKdlw "SomeBlackGuy" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCETeXD_3awsQv-9rSdCYXQQ "Get Hands Dirty" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA "Veritasium" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLhtZqdkjshgq8TqwIjMdCQ "DarkMatter2525" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE1jXbVAGJQEORz9nZqb5bQ "Ahoy" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8uT9cgJorJPWu7ITLGo9Ww "The 8-Bit Guy" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmb8hO2ilV9vRa8cilis88A "Thunderf00t" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A "Numberphile" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1BWMtZbNLVMSFgwSukjqCw "Armoured Skeptic" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg "minutephysics" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0aanx5rpr7D1M7KCFYzrLQ "Shoe0nHead" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEOXxzW2vU0P-0THehuIIeg "CaptainDisillusion" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA "Computerphile" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCctjGdm2NlMNzIlxz02IsXA "Chris Ray Gun" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRlICXvO4XR4HMeEB9JjDlA "Thoughty2" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtM5z2gkrGRuWd0JQMx76qA "bigclivedotcom" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-Wj4ughUZGmVgvAacL9pMA "Wasted Penguinz" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChturLXwYxwTOf_5krs0qvA "The Ben Heck Show" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6mIxFTvXkWQVEHPsEdflzQ "GreatScott!" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMXHtrkazQjeCOteE4sof8g "Fil Far" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvrLvII5oxSWEMEkszrxXEA "N-O-D-E" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB6PV0cvJpzlcXRG7nz6PpQ "Motherboard" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA "SmarterEveryDay" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0A3ldncnGQ1M_RU2Wb4L2A "quidsup" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRE3NFNtdjR96-H4QG4U1Fg "Hex DSL" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm4nLrtw4bSYFNUsvHMaP1Q "Chris Whippit" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxycITFG0dE4cMiJ78yE0CA "SoftisFFS" YouTubeSubscriptions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-lHJZR3Gqxm24_Vd_AJ5Yw "PewDiePie" YouTubeSubscriptions
